Upgrade/Backup updates per Ale (#71)
mulesoft/docs-private-cloud: modules/ROOT/pages/upgrade.adoc

endif::[]

> == Before You Begin

Reviewer: Is there no text that introduces this task and under what circumstances the user wants or needs to perform it?
It that is the case, consider using the current Before You Begin (Prerequisites) text as that intro. 
It is odd to go from a Level-1 title straight to a Level-2.

> Because Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (Anypoint Platform PCE) upgrades require a working installation, all environment prerequisites should already be met. As long as you (or your infrastructure team) successfully performed all prerequisite tasks listed in xref:prereq-hardware.adoc[Hardware Prerequisites], xref:prereq-software.adoc[Software Prerequisites], and xref:prereq-network.adoc[Network Prerequisites] prior to the installation of Anypoint Platform PCE, your environment can be upgraded successfully.

Reviewer 2: For 1.7.x -> 2.0.x an NFS is needed

Author: Added - thank you!

> Because Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (Anypoint Platform PCE) upgrades require a working installation, all environment prerequisites should already be met. As long as you (or your infrastructure team) successfully performed all prerequisite tasks listed in xref:prereq-hardware.adoc[Hardware Prerequisites], xref:prereq-software.adoc[Software Prerequisites], and xref:prereq-network.adoc[Network Prerequisites] prior to the installation of Anypoint Platform PCE, your environment can be upgraded successfully.

Reviewer: Making this just a little stronger:
```suggestion
Because Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (Anypoint Platform PCE) upgrades require a working installation, all environment prerequisites must be already met. You cannot successfully upgrade your environment until you or your infrastructure team successfully performs all prerequisite tasks listed in xref:prereq-hardware.adoc[Hardware Prerequisites], xref:prereq-software.adoc[Software Prerequisites], and xref:prereq-network.adoc[Network Prerequisites] prior to the installation of Anypoint Platform PCE.
```

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: This is actually more important than a note, and would follow nicely the text above it.

See xref:1.6@upgrade.adoc[About Migrating Anypoint Platform Private Cloud] for information on upgrading to version 1.6.1. See xref:1.7@upgrade.adoc[About Migrating Anypoint Platform Private Cloud] for information on upgrading to version 1.7.1.

> If you are using AWS, obtain the keys used to run the AWS provisioner. These are required for access EC2, VPC, and S3.

Reviewer 2: This is only for installations. It's not necessary to run the AWS provisioner for updates.

Author: Removed - thank you!

See xref:1.6@upgrade.adoc[About Migrating Anypoint Platform Private Cloud] for information on upgrading to version 1.6.1. See xref:1.7@upgrade.adoc[About Migrating Anypoint Platform Private Cloud] for information on upgrading to version 1.7.1.

> Contact MuleSoft professional services prior to upgrading for assistance.

Reviewer: Hmm. There are so many details to the prerequisites to upgrading, and then we end with sending the audience to MuleSoft professional services, anyway. Do we really have to go through all these details, if we are only sending them to get help?
Also, if there are specific prerequisites for versions and platforms, we might actually need--gasp!--a table! (I know, I know...Kim has an aversion to tables...lol....) . :-)

== Procedure

> The following steps describe how to upgrade Anypoint Platform PCE and the Anypoint Platform PCE infrastructure. 

Reviewer: This intro text really does not add anything important to what the audience understands about what is happening here. Consider moving the Note text to compose the intro:

"Upgrading Anypoint Platform PCE also upgrades its infrastructure; all Anypoint Platform components are updated. You should expect [how much?] downtime for each node as it is updated."

[NOTE]
====
* During an upgrade, all Anypoint Platform PCE components are updated.
* The upgrade process causes downtime for each node as it is updated.

> * The upgrade process does not include your applications and data. You must upgrade your applications to work with the new version of Anypoint Platform PCE.

Reviewer 2: Not sure what you are trying to say here. Runtime applications are independant from PCE upgrades.

Author: I removed this line - thank you!

====

> . Perform a backup of your system as described in xref:backup-and-disaster-recovery.adoc[Configure Backup and Restore]. If you are upgrading from an older version that requires multiple intermediate upgrades, you must backup each intermediate version before proceeding to the next.

Reviewer: Note that this is really not part of the upgrade process; it is a prerequisite, and one that has pretty much been beaten to death already, yes?
Step 1 should be the very first step of the actual upgrade process, including navigation if necessary.
```suggestion
. Perform a backup of your system as described in xref:backup-and-disaster-recovery.adoc[Configure Backup and Restore]. 
If you are upgrading from an older version that requires multiple intermediate upgrades, you must back up each intermediate version before proceeding to the next.
```

> . Obtain a link to the installer from your customer success representative.

Reviewer: I would call this a prerequisite as well, because a user should not find themselves in a task and missing this information....

Reviewer: I have edit comments about the following hidden text, and probably this topic set as a whole, which I should probably rereview when you have more time.

$ sudo gravity enter
$ kubectl get pods
----

> . Log in to the Ops Center at the following URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to the Ops Center at https://{platform-host}:9500.
```
Will your audience be more familiar with Ops Center or Operations Center or operations center?

+
----
https://{platform-host}:9500
----
+
[WARNING]

> If you are upgrading from Anypoint Platform PCE 1.7.x to 2.0.x, ensure that you configure your NSF servers described in the following step before accessing Anypoint Platform PCE. In this case, failure to configure NFS before accessing the platform can result in data loss.

Reviewer: This does not belong in the task steps. 
The previous warnings AND the instructions that follow make clear what the user needs to do. 
It is not doc's job to account for corner-case users who can't follow instructions, if that is what is going on here.
If so, I would consider pushing back a bit if your dev reviewers are pressuring you for these constant warnings and notes; it sounds like the product has some flaws or lack of intuitive UI that the documentation cannot be sacrificed in an effort to rectify.

> . If you are upgrading from from Anypoint Platform PCE 1.7.x to 2.0.x, configure the required NFS server.

Reviewer: Shouldn't they have done this already? Isn't this part of the prerequisites? We should not be documenting this over and over again.
```suggestion
. If you are upgrading from from Anypoint Platform PCE 1.7.x to 2.0.x, configure the required NFS server:
```

.. Select *Save*.
.. Select *Test NFS Server* to test that your NFS server is configured correctly.

> . Unless you are updating Anypoint Platform PCE from 2.0.x to 2.1.0, configure the following items:

Reviewer 2: 2.1.x

Author: Got it - thanks!

> . Unless you are updating Anypoint Platform PCE from 2.0.x to 2.1.x, configure the following items:

Reviewer: ...and what happens if you are upgrading from 2.0 to 2.1? Are we again referring to prereqs in such a way that interferes with the main upgrade task?
If this is really a problem, maybe we should consider SEPARATE upgrade tasks for each situation?
